---
layout:     post
title:      英语俚语
subtitle:   介绍一些英语环境中最常见的一些俚语，来补充我们从小到大所学的书面英语
date:       2018-09-10
author:     Yingshan Li
header-img: img/sunrise.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - 英语
---

## 前言

我们国家的英语教育其实本质上都是书面英语，大部分都是按照字面的意思和正确的语法所构成的，但实际上在地道的英语环境中有非常多的非书面英语，就跟我们中文中的成语或者俗语一样。废话少说，这里给大家分享一下我储存的一些我认为非常常见的俚语。


1. **Mind-blowing：**
    - In this form, with nothing added, rock was supposedly sufficient to produce mind blowing results. 
    - The physical chemistry you see on TV and in the movies suggests that when two lovers meet, sparks fly and mind-blowing sex naturally follows.

2. **Washed up:** 
Something that has once had it's peak of greatness far too long ago, and is now still being over used, over played, and is still spoon fed through the media, even though it's gotten extremely old, bland, worn out, and is just sad to still see around.
    - When is Korn going to quit churning out new albums? Korn, and the entire nu-metal genre is washed up, when will they ever just let them die?!?

3. **under my skin:** 

- When you meet someone and you're drawn to them. you can't stop thinking about them even when you don't know them. something about them just sparks something down deep. your imagination starts to run wild and you're physically and emotionally altered. they fascinate you
    - When I first saw Alex, he was all I could see. his lips, his hair, his smile. I couldn't stop thinking about him so the next day I asked for his number. He had gotten under my skin.

- Someone really pisses you off. they said something and you can't ignore it so you have to say something to defend yourself and your feelings. it makes you mad and almost at a loss for words. 
    - Diane made a comment about a friend of mine that got under my skin. I felt that if i didn't say something, i would walk around angry all day.

4.  **until the cows come home:**
    - We are staying out until the cows come home!

5. **up in the air:**
Something which is tentative, iffy, uncertain, unresolved, or otherwise not definitive. An unsettled matter.
    - After George had that cold, the trip to the opera was completely up in the air.

6. **walk my leg off:**
walk a very long distance
    - I need to walk my leg off to meet my sister who lives in the boondocks (荒郊野外).

7. **walk on air:**
to be very happy; to be euphoric.
    - On the last day of school, all the children are walk on air

8. **water off a duck's back:**
An insult that rolls off you like water off a duck's back is one that is ignored.
    - Sometimes you need to let things roll off you like water off a ducks back. 

9. **when hell freezes over:**
signifies that something will never, ever happen.
    - So when will the Bengals win the Super Bowl? When hell freezes over, that's when.

10. **Weed out:**
Remove unwanted element
Girls pay for caller identification because it gives them peace of mind by weeding out calls from their boyfriends.

11. **wound up:**
to be hyper, or over stimulated.
    - I drank to much coffee at starcbucks this morning and now i am wound up.
    - I was incredibly hyper. I couldn't sleep.

12. **Wrapped around the finger:**
Have somebody under their command. Means the guy will pretty much follow their girl's every wish and do whatever she wants.
    - I have him wrapped around the finger.

13. **Skeletons in the closet:**
Secrets, dark pasts, and several other past memories that you prefer not to talk about with anyone else. This can range from one-night stands (一夜情) to as much as killing someone. It can also be about embarrassing moments you've had that you simply feel too awful to speak of.
    - Someone with barely any or no skeletons in the closet can make it far in a large corporation.

14. **Skin and bones:**
Describing someone who is very skinny in a non derogatory (贬义的) manner
    - Your look like skin and bones. Put some weight on!

15. **sleep on it:**
delay the decision to the next day or something
    - I'll get back to you tomorrow, I have to sleep on it

16. **Small Talk:**
Unnecessary conversation attempted to fill the silence in an awkward situation. Commonly backfires (适得其反) into social discomfort. For example, when you come across a person you haven’t seen in a while but you really don’t have a close connection with him. To not be rude and just walk right past him, so a complete bullshitting session starts. 

17. **snowball's chance in hell:**
Impossible, unlikely. Slim to none probability.
    - Dude, you have a snowball's chance in hell to go out with that girl.

18. **stick a fork in it:**
A state of completion. 
    - Stick a fork in it, it's done. 
To be completely destroyed or defeated.
    - Stick a fork in him, he's done.

19. **(straight) from the horse's mouth:**
Getting information from the highest authority.
    - This tip is foolproof, I got it (straight) from the horse's mouth!

20. **Whole nine yards:**
Phrase equivalent to "Everything that is available." 
    - I bought the TV, the home theater system... The whole nine yards.

21. **toe the line:**
To do what is expected of one.
She decided to toe the line rather than disobey her parents.

22. **tongue in cheek:**
When someone speaks tongue-in-cheek, that means they're joking and kidding.

23. **too many cooks in the kitchen:**
"That project failed miserably, there were 5 people in charge of it and no one could come to an agreement, just too many cooks in the kitchen"

24. **out of the picture:**
No longer relevant to a situation; departed; dead. 
    - Now that Tom is out of the picture, we needn't concern ourselves about his objections. 

25. **out of this world:**
Out of the ordinary; Super-duper awesome. It can be anything -- place, thing, food, person, creature, and event.
    - Have you been to Antelope Canyon? Man, that place is out of this world!

26. **rain on your parade:**
to do something that spoils someone's plans
    - Sorry to rain on your parade, but there's no f-ing alcohol allowed inside the building.

27. **rob the cradle = rob the grave:**
    - Further than 5 years apart in age might signal a cradle-robbing. Even more years yells it!

28. **rock the boat:**
Do things differently to the point of causing an uproar in society
    - "Once again, ladies. We have rocked the boat."

29. **like shooting fish in barrel:**
ridiculously easy 
    - Beating that game is like shooting fish in a barrel.

30. **Longwinded(啰里吧嗦的):**
A person who has little to say, but takes forever to explain it. Or who tells a story that seems to go on forever even though it has very little substance.
    - Man I just saw scott and he told me the story about his trip to jamacia, he went on forever about it.
    - I hear that, he's one longwinded asshole.

31. **loose cannon:**
an individual who has little to no self control, does not think logically, whose grasp on reality is feeble. 
    - That loose cannon s in fact a walking disaster waiting to happen.
    - One loose cannon spoils the bunch (一颗老鼠屎坏了一锅粥).

32. **make a mountain out of a molehill:**
To exaggerate, to interpret a specific situation as being worse than it really is.
    - You don't have to be that worried about this simple situation, don't make a mountain out of a molehill.

33. **monkey on your back:**
To have some very burdensome nuisance (麻烦事) you have to put up with.
    - ”That huge credit card payment is a real monkey on his back." 
    - "Trying to sell that white elephant (something not particularly useful that has very high cost of upkeep) must be a monkey on your back."

34. **Not Dealing:**
When you're really not hanging out/chilling/etc. Unable to deal with yourself. Freaking out.
    - Mike's not dealing at all. He's tweaking his beak off.
    - I woke up and I was so hungover, I felt psychotic(精神错乱). 100% not dealing.

35. **on a roll:**
in the midst of a series of successes
    - Man, I,m on a roll today. I'd be glad to help anyone who is not doing so well.

36. **on the ball:**
to be understanding/concentrating on something really well
    - Dude, I was totally on the ball in chemistry class today! 

37. **on the edge of one's seat:**
closely following the action and excitement of a performance. 
    - We sat on the edge of our seats during the entire play.

38. **crock of shit:**
Something that is false, misleading, full of lies, etc.
    - The assertion that your car is exceptional is a crock of shit.
    - True beauty is on the inside? What a crock! 

39. **cross that bridge when you come to it 船到桥头自然直:**
to not worry about a possible problem until it becomes an actual problem 
    - I might need a lawyer, but I'll cross that bridge when I come to it.

40. **cry over spilt milk:**
Become unreasonably upset over a minor mishap
    - Don't cry over spilt milk, get on with life! 
    - His complaining is just so much crying over spilt milk.

41. **cushion the blow :**
to do something that reduces harm. 
The way to cushion the blow is to raise prices slowly, not all at once.

42. **daily grind:**
The boring mundane parts of everyday life. A daily monotonous job or task. 
    - Joe is returning to the daily grind after a 2 week vacation.

43. **drop the ball:**
Make an error; miss an opportunity; fail. 
    - Everytime I depend on you, you drop the ball.

44. **empty nest syndrome:**
The feeling you get when your kids are adults & have moved out. The house feels so empty.
    - The empty nest syndrome was really tough to deal with at first & I still miss my kids living with me!

45. **light a fire under somebody:**
to make someone work better or harder 
    - It's time you lit a fire under those guys or they'll never finish painting the house.

46. **light at the end of the tunnel:**
something that gives you hope for the future after a long and difficult period.
    - It's been a hard few months,but we are finally beginning to see the light at the end of the tunnel.

47. **keep an eye peeled:**
to watch carefully for someone or something, to be vigilant
    - Keep an eye peeled for the sign.

48. **hindsight is (always) 20/20:**
	- A: "I can'tbelieve I was ever interested in such a sef-absorbed jerk." 
	- B: "Don't blame yourself. Hindsight is 20/20, after all."

49. **a short fuse:**
if someone has a short fuse, they become angry quickly and often 
    - Charlie has a sharp tongue and a short fuse.

50. **bite the bullet:**
To do something because its right, even though the outcome is going to suck ass for you
    - The teacher knew I cheated so i had to bite the bullet and confess

51. **Birds of a feather flock together物以类聚人以群分**

52. **in hot water:**
in serious trouble, especially with the law or one's superiors
    - If you keep skipping school,you will be in hot water.

53. **drive someone up the wall:**
to annoy or irritate someone. 
    - Stop whistling that tune. You're driving me up the wall. 

54. **go Dutch:**
To pay for himself or herself. 
    - Is it still considered a date if you go Dutch?

55. **Lighten up:**
To relax and not take things too seriously. Typically stated as an appeal to someone who is acting uptight.

56. **To be amped:**
To be so excited.

57. **Have a blast:**
Have a lot of fun

