---
layout:     post
title:      科技论文写作
subtitle:   科技论文写作
date:       2019-03-16
author:     Yingshan Li
header-img: img/sunrise.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - 科技论文写作
---

From Academic Phrasebank, Dr John Morley, 2014b


### Introduction 

**1. Set up a backgorund and briefly discuss the importance of this topic in general**

	1. Central to ... is ...
	2. Recent progress in ... have hightened the need to/for ...
	3. An increased interest has been drawn to/by ...
	4. Accumulating evidence of ... consistently proved an important role of ...
	5. Recent evidence/previous reports suggest ...
	6. Several attempts have been made to ... 
	7. ... has grown in importance in light of ...
	8. A large and growing body of literature has investigated ...
	9. More recent attention has focused on ...
	10. Much of the current literature on ... pays particular attention to ...
	11. A large and increasing volume of recent studies discuss/discribe the role of ...
	12. The first serious studies and discussions of ... emerged ...
	13. It has been argued that ...
	14. There is a consensus among ...
	15. Several studies thus far have linked ... with ...
	16. Numerous studies have attempted to explain ...
	17. ... have been identified as the major contributing factors for ...
	18. It has been conclusively shown that ...
	

**2. Establish a problem, a challenge or gap of knowledge**

	1. However, a major problem is ...
	2. There is a lack a knowledge in terms of ...
	3. Despite significant progress in recent years, 
	4. Debates continues about ...
	5. A debate of ... is taking place
	6. The importance of ... has been subjected to serious/intense/considarable debate
	6. However, this concept has been challenged by studies demonstrating ...
	7. More recently, literature has emerged that offers contradictory findings about ...
	8. One major theoretical issue that has dominated ... 
	9. ... has not been treated/invested in detail
	10. Previous studies have not dealt with ...
	11. Previous studies have only focused on ... and failed to specify/resolve ...
	12. The generalisability of previous results is unknown
	13. Such arguments are not satisfactory
	14. Systematic investigation has been lacking ...
	15. What is not yet clear is ...
	16. The ... basis of ... is poorly understood
	17. Until recently, there has been no reliable evidence that ...
	18. Little is known about ...
	19. The evidence of ... is inconclusive
	20. Much uncertainty still exits about ...
	21. Apart from ..., there is a general lack of research of ...
	22. Previous research findings into ... have been inconsistent and contradictory. 

	 

**3. Hypothesis and justification**

	1. The central question in the this dissertation asks how ...
	2. In particular, this account seeks to adress the following questions:
	3. This study aims to ...


**4. Experiments done to test the hypothesis**


**5. Briefly show the major results**


**6. Contribution/novelty/implications/significance of these results**

	1. These results provide an important opportunity to advance the understanding of ...
	2. This study provides an exciting opportunity to advance our knowledge of ...
	3. This is the first study to ...
	4. These finding made an important/major contribution to ... by demonstrating ...
	5. This study offers some important insights into ...





### Methods

	1. Changes in ... and ... were compared using ...



### Results

	1. Similarly, ... found that ...
	2. This is supported by ...
	3. In contrast to ...
	4. Strong evidence of ... was found 
	5. Interestingly, ... was shown to 
	6. Further analysis showed/revealed that ...
	7. No significant differences were found between ...
	8. No increase/decrese was detected/observed
	9. The most surprising aspect of this data is that ...
	10. The sigle most striking observation to emerge from the data was ...
	11. Turning now to the experimental evidence on ...
	12. Camparing the two results, it can be seen that ...




### Conclusion

	1. This paper has argued that ...
	2. This research extends our knowledge of ...
	3. The present study made several noteworthy contributions to ...
	4. This is first study reporting ...
	5. This research will serve as a base for future studies ...
	6. Despite its exploratory nature, this study offers insights into ...
	7. Notwithstanding these limitations, the study ...




### Discussion


	1. The thesis does not engage with ...
	2. Due to ... constraints/limitations, this paper cannot provide a comprehensive ... 
	3. It is beyond the scope of this study to examine ...
	4. The reader of this article should bear in mind that ...
	5. Another potential problem is that the scope of my thesis may be too broad
	6. A full discussion of ... lies beyond the scope of this study
	7. Very little was found in the literature ...
	8. This study set out with the aim of ...
	9. The most interesting finding of current study found that ...
	10. One unanticipated/surprising finding was that ...
	11. Contrary to expectations, ...
	12. These findings further support/confirm/corroborate/agree with/accord with/ the idea of ...
	13. A possible explanation for these results may be ...
	14. These factors may explain ...
	15. These results may be explained in part by the fact that ..
	16. This inconsistency/discrepancy may be due/attributed to
	17. Hence, it could conceivably be hypothesised that ...
	18. These findings have important implications ...
	19. One of the issues emerges from these findings is 
	20. Further work is required to estacblish ...
	21. Several questions remain unanswered at present.
	22. The most important limitation which needs to be acknolwedged lies in the fact that ...
	22. It is unfortunate that this study ...
	23. The main weakness of this study was the paucity of ...
	24. An arguable weakness is the arbitrariness in our definition of ...
	25. An issue that was not addressed by this paper was ...
	26. A number caveats need to be noted regarding the present study.
	27. A natural progression of this work is to ...